Added README.md for image_tools - [Clean] (#596)
ros2/demos: image_tools/README.md

## **What Is This?**

> This demo provides a simple utility to **connect to a workstation default camera device** and **display** it in an **OpenCV** window like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo provides simple utilities to connect to a workstation default camera device and display it in a window like below:
```

Author: Done.

![](img/result.png)

## **Build**

```bash

> colcon build --package-select image_tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
colcon build --packages-select image_tools
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer: Did you forget to push or commit something?  Because I don't see this change (or any of the other ones) reflected in the diff.

Author: Apologies. Realized that I made commits to the wrong branch. Rectifying shortly.

```

## **Run**

> In `image_tools` ROS 2 package, 2 executables are provided, namely `cam2image` and `showimage` with different functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `image_tools` ROS 2 package, two executables are provided, namely `cam2image` and `showimage` with different functions.
```

## **1 - cam2image**

> Running this executable connects to your workstation's default camera device's video stream and publishes the images on '/image' and '/flipimage' topics using a ROS 2 publisher.

Reviewer: I think it is worthwhile pointing out that this node has a number of options, particularly the one that allows you to produce "burgers" if you don't have a camera device.  If you do `ros2 run image_tools cam2image --help`, you'll see the examples.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19281974/214325576-ee4d5595-04b4-4e01-a2db-1b12d596a0c2.png)

Interesting :exploding_head: 

Thank you for the tip. Will include it in the `README.md`.

Author: Done.

```bash
# Open new terminal
ros2 run image_tools cam2image
```

## **2 - showimage**

> Running this executable creates a ROS 2 node, `showimage`, which subscribes to the `sensor_msg/msg/Image` topic, `/image` and displays the image messages in an **OpenCV** window.  

Reviewer: The fact that it is an OpenCV window is an implementation detail (and could very well change in the future).  I think this should just be:

```suggestion
Running this executable creates a ROS 2 node, `showimage`, which subscribes to the `sensor_msg/msg/Image` topic, `/image` and displays the images in a window.  
```

Author: Noted. Done.

```bash
# Open new terminal
# Run showimage ROS 2 node to display the cam2image sensor_msg/msg/Image messages.
ros2 run image_tools showimage
```

> 

Reviewer: Just remove this trailing whitespace.

Author: Done.

ros2 run image_tools cam2image
```

> Note that there are other useful options run `cam2image` with. Run `ros2 run image_tools cam2image --help` to see more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that `cam2image` provides many useful command-line options. Run `ros2 run image_tools cam2image --help` to see the list of options available.
```

Author: Done.
